#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass classicthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language american
\language_package default
\inputencoding default
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 0
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine natbib_numerical
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 2
\tocdepth 2
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
refstepcounter{dummy}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pdfbookmark[1]{Dedication}{Dedication}
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset VSpace 3cm*
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
I dedicate this to my mum and dad.
 Without their continuous patience and support nothing of this would have
 been possible, and I would not be the free-thinking person I am today.
 Dad started my interest in nature and technology, and taught me to be curious
 about how the world functions, to always question everything.
 Mum taught me to be nice to people, how never-ending love can make you
 stronger, and if you believe in something you can achieve your dreams.
 And I think they also gave me a good portion of humor on the way.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
I also dedicate this to my brother and sister.
 My sister is so full of energy and life, and she never hesitates to share
 it with others.
 This put me back on my feet several times, and taught me that you have
 to share what you enjoy.
 My brother fueled my interest for the sciences, but also for the arts.
 Music has become my passion, and so has the movies and visual arts.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
I dedicate this to all my friends, who accompanied me through the many years,
 sharing passion and dedication.
 They accept my flaws and quirks, and would never let me down.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\begin_inset VSpace 1cm*
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
Without you, I would not have made it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
Thank you!
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
